Implement the Jahvi Dashboard / Quick Edit using the existing Headshot Extraction Lab as the reference implementation.

IMPORTANT: Do not overcomplicate this. Reuse existing working logic, UI patterns, authentication/access logic, SSE logic, and video-serving logic wherever possible. Do not introduce Redis, Celery, background queues, job-ID systems, new authentication systems, or unnecessary abstractions.

1. Dashboard UI

The Dashboard should use the exact same headshot timestamp bar system and interaction logic already used in the Headshot Extraction Lab.

Do not create a second version of the timestamp selector.

Reuse:

- The same bar UI
- Drag/select behavior
- Timestamp collection
- Preview/seek behavior
- Headshot marker logic

The user manually selects the headshot timestamps.

Also inspect the new Dashboard files/UI already uploaded and complete the existing Dashboard rather than redesigning it.

2. Gap Mode

The user can choose one of three modes:

Normal

- Do not cut or modify the timeline after Stage 2.
- Just return the Stage 2 video.

Maximum Gap

- User can choose the maximum allowed gap.
- Default maximum gap is 3 seconds.
- User can change it as allowed by the existing UI.
- Run the existing patching logic/file for this mode.

Exact Gap

- User can choose an exact gap, up to the existing allowed limit (10 seconds).
- Run the existing patchless/exact-gap logic for this mode.
- The goal is to make the headshot gaps exactly the requested duration.

Reuse the existing "patch.py" / "patchless.py" logic where applicable. Do not rewrite working patching logic unless necessary for integration.

3. Stage Order — IMPORTANT

Use this exact order:

User video
    ↓
Headshot timestamps from the bar
    ↓
STAGE 2 — Effects + 1.5× speed
    ↓
STAGE 1 — Gap processing
    ↓
Final video
    ↓
SSE / existing video response logic
    ↓
Frontend automatically loads the final file

Stage 2 MUST run before Stage 1.

The reason is that the effects use the user's original headshot timestamps. We do not want Stage 1 to change the timeline before the timestamp-based effects are applied.

4. Stage 2 Filter Architecture

Use the existing filter architecture discussed for Jahvi.

There are two filters:

Filter 1

- Runs on the entire video.
- Used for things such as EQ, color pop, contrast, saturation, etc.
- NO "enable" timing on this filter.

Filter 2

- This is the headshot-specific effect.
- ONLY this filter receives the dynamic "enable" expression.
- Python builds the "enable" expression from the user's selected headshot timestamps.

Example concept:

filter_1,
filter_2:enable='between(t,4.2,5.2)+between(t,8.7,9.7)+between(t,15.1,16.1)'

Do not bring back the old global/per-beat hardcoded effect system.

The effect timing must be dynamically generated from the user's selected timestamps.

5. Effects / Database

Create the new database table needed for Dashboard effects.

Inspect the new Dashboard files uploaded to the project to see the available styles/effects such as:

- Rage
- Cinematic
- Funk
- etc.

When the user selects a style:

1. Determine the user's current plan.
2. Find effects matching the selected style and allowed plan.
3. Randomly select one matching effect.
4. Apply that effect's Filter 1 and Filter 2 configuration.

Do not hardcode every effect directly into the Dashboard Python route.

Use the database-driven effect system.

6. 1.5× Speed

Every Dashboard Stage 2 output should use the required 1.5× speed treatment.

Also retain the global color-pop/EQ treatment.

The 1.5× speed transformation changes the timeline, so timestamps must be converted before Stage 1.

For every original headshot timestamp:

new_timestamp = original_timestamp / 1.5

Then add the default 0.4 seconds to create the protected Stage-1 boundary:

protected_timestamp = (original_timestamp / 1.5) + 0.4

Example:

Original headshot = 2.0s

2.0 / 1.5 = 1.333s

1.333 + 0.4 = 1.733s

Stage 1 should receive 1.733s as the timestamp/boundary for that headshot.

The purpose of the "+0.4s" is to ensure Stage 1 does not cut away the headshot effect immediately after the headshot timestamp.

Do NOT invent a complicated timestamp synchronization system.

Just calculate these values in Stage 2 and pass them directly to Stage 1.

6. Playback speed

Dashboard Stage 2 must preserve the user's original playback speed.

Also retain the global color-pop/EQ treatment.

The Stage 2 effect timing uses the original user timestamps directly. Stage 1
receives each original timestamp plus the default 0.4 seconds as its protected
boundary, so the headshot effect is not cut away immediately.
Stage 1 simply uses the timestamps passed from Stage 2.

8. Authentication / "/me"

When the Dashboard loads, call the existing "/me" endpoint to populate the user's dashboard information.

Reuse the exact same authentication, access, plan, credit, and renewal logic already used by the Headshot Extraction Lab.

The Dashboard must behave consistently with Extraction Lab.

If Extraction Lab automatically renews/refreshes access information, use the same mechanism here.

Do NOT create another authentication/access system.

9. SSE / Video Response

Reuse the same SSE/progress/streaming logic from the Headshot Extraction Lab.

After processing:

final video
    ↓
filename
    ↓
existing SSE/response mechanism
    ↓
frontend receives filename
    ↓
frontend automatically loads/plays/downloads the video

Do not create a completely new video-delivery architecture.

Use the existing working pattern from Extraction Lab.

10. Keep It Simple

This is extremely important.

Do NOT:

- Add Redis
- Add Celery
- Add a queue system
- Add a new job-management database
- Add unnecessary job IDs
- Add another authentication system
- Rebuild the existing SSE system
- Rebuild the existing timestamp bar
- Rediscover headshots
- Create unnecessary abstractions
- Replace working Extraction Lab code just for the sake of refactoring

Reuse what already works.

The desired pipeline is simply:

/me
 ↓
Dashboard
 ↓
User uploads video
 ↓
User selects headshots using existing bar system
 ↓
User selects style
 ↓
User selects Normal / Maximum Gap / Exact Gap
 ↓
STAGE 2
 ├─ global Filter 1
 ├─ timestamped Filter 2
 ├─ 1.5× speed
 └─ calculate protected timestamps
 ↓
STAGE 1
 ├─ Normal → no cutting
 ├─ Maximum Gap → patch.py
 └─ Exact Gap → patchless.py
 ↓
Final filename
 ↓
Existing SSE/video response system
 ↓
Frontend automatically receives and loads final video

Before making large changes, inspect the existing Headshot Extraction Lab implementation and the newly uploaded Dashboard files. Integrate with what is already there instead of creating parallel systems.